---
title: School Canteen Opening
permalink: /about-us/schoolcanteen/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h3>School Canteen Advertisement</h3><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Type of Stall</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Closing Date</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Requirements</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Muslim Cooked Food Stall</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>31 Mar 2024</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Western or /and fusion menu</strong></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>Fengshan Primary School is inviting applicants to operate a <strong>"Muslim Cooked Food Stall"</strong>. Menu may include western or/and fusion food items.</p><p>We are a single session school with an estimated student population of 1200. The canteen operating hours are from Mondays to Fridays, 7am to 3pm during School Term.</p><h4>Requirements</h4><p>Applicants should meet the following criteria:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Singapore Citizens or Singapore Permanent Resident.</p></li><li><p>Adhere to Healthy Meals in School Programme (HMSP) where all food sold must meet the programme requirement. Please see details at (https://www.hpb.gov.sg/schools/school-programmes/healthy-meals-in-schools-programme).</p></li><li><p>Able to provide good service and quality food at reasonable prices in consultation with school.</p></li><li><p>Maintain high standard of food and personal hygiene set out by National Environment Agency (NEA) for food handlers.</p></li><li><p>Applicant must be in personal attendance at the stall during operating hours</p></li><li><p>Both applicant &amp; stall assistant(s) must have passed the WSQ Basic Food Hygiene Course conducted by any of the accredited training providers appointed by WDA (Workforce Development Agency).</p></li><li><p>Successful applicant will need to apply for a hawker license from NEA.</p></li><li><p>Applicants with relevant experience in a school canteen or with catering experience is preferred.</p></li><li><p>Shortlisted applicants would be notified for an interview and will be required to provide food sampling for the School Canteen Selection Committee at the applicant’s own expense.</p></li></ul><h4>Application Procedure and Food Tasting</h4><p>Download and complete the application form link below. You may also request for a hardcopy from the School’s General Office.</p><p><a href="/files/Fengshan%20Document%20Links/Canteen%20Application/application_form_for_canteen__fsps_.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Download application form here</a></p><p>Interested must submit the following documents:</p><p><strong><em>Proposed menu and price list of all items to be sold</em></strong></p><p><strong><em>Photocopy of relevant certificates including Basic Food Hygiene Course certificates of applicant and stall assistant/s.</em></strong></p><p><strong><em>Photocopy of Identification Card (front &amp; back)</em></strong></p><p><strong><em>Records of past catering/canteen experiences, if any</em></strong></p><p></p><h4>Submission of Application</h4><p>Please submit the completed application form with the supporting documents to the school’s General Office or email fsps@moe.edu.sg <strong>by 31 Mar 2024 (Sunday)</strong></p><h4>Enquiries</h4><p>For further enquiries, please contact below:</p><p><strong>Contact Name:</strong> Mdm Rasidah Sam</p><p><strong>Contact Number:</strong> 6586 0315.</p><p>Email: Rasidah_SAM@schools.gov.sg</p><p>Address: Fengshan Primary, 307 Bedok North Road, Singapore 469680</p>