---
title: School Matters
permalink: /about-us/school-matters/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h2>School Operating Hours</h2><h4>All Level School hours (except on Tuesday for Primary 4,5 and 6)</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Level</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>School hours on <u>Monday, Thursday and Friday</u></p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>School hours on <u>Wednesday</u></p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Dismissal Gate</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Recess Time</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 1</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30 a.m. – 1.30 p.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30 a.m. – 1.15 p.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Gate 3</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>9.45 a.m. – 10.15 a.m.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 2</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30 a.m. – 1.30 p.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30 a.m. – 1.15 p.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Gate 3</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>9.15 a.m. – 9.45 a.m.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 3</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30 a.m. – 1.25 p.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30 a.m. – 1.10 p.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Gate 2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>8.45 a.m. – 9.15 a.m.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 4</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30 a.m. – 1.25 p.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30 a.m. – 1.10 p.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Gate 1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>10.15 a.m. – 10.45 a.m.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 5</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30 a.m. – 1.30 p.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30 a.m. – 1.15 p.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Gate 2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>11.15 a.m. – 11.45 a.m.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 6</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30 a.m. – 1.30 p.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30 a.m. – 1.15 p.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Gate 1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>10.45 a.m. – 11.15 a.m.</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>On top of recess, all pupils are given an additional 10-minute snack break daily </p><p>Dismissal timings are subject to change (staggered dismissal) pending prevailing situation in 2024</p><h4>School hours on Tuesday for Primary 4,5 and 6</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Level</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>School hours on Tuesday</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Dismissal Gate</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Primary 4</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30 a.m. –2.30 p.m</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Gate 1</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Primary 5</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30 a.m. –2.30 p.m</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Gate 2</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Primary 6</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30 a.m. –2.30 p.m</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Gate 1</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>* All pupils are given an additional 10-minute snack break.</strong></p><p><strong>[Do refer to updates on dismissal timings sent through Parents Gateway]</strong></p><hr><h3>School Gate Opening Hours (during school term)</h3><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Weekdays</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Gate 2 (Main Gate)</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Side Gate 1</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Side Gate 3</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Mondays, Tuesdays Wednesday,</strong></p><p><strong>Thursday &amp; Fridays</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>6.45am – 5.30pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>6.45am – 7.30am</p><p></p><p>1.30pm – 1.45pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>6.45am – 7.30am</p><p></p><p>1.30pm – 1.45pm</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h2>Dismissal Procedures for School</h2><h4>Dismissal Procedures for P1 and P2 Pupils</h4><p>To ensure that P1 and P2 pupils reach home safely after school, we require an adult to pick them up after school if they are not taking the school bus. All P1/2 dismissal will be done via Gate 3. As such, the Main Gate (Gate 2) and Gate 1 will be closed from 1.20 pm to 1.30 pm (Mon/Tues/Thurs/Fri) and from 1.05 pm to 1.15 pm (Wed).</p><p>For the safety of pupils, we seek your cooperation to avoid coming into the school premises during the dismissal timings. Do move forward towards Gate 3 only when your child’s/ward’s class is announced by our staff or when you see the class placard being held up by our staff as an indication for you to move forward. If you arrive after the dismissal of your child’s/ward’s class, please wait for further instructions before moving towards the gate. This will help to decongest the area as well as ensure the safe and orderly dismissal of our students.</p><h4>Dismissal Procedures for P3 to P6 Pupils</h4><p>All P3 to P6 pupils will be dismissed via the Gate 1 or 2 as indicated in the dismissal timings on page 5. Pupils waiting for their siblings are to wait at designated tables in the canteen. To ensure pupils leave the school premises smoothly, please avoid coming into the school premises during the dismissal period. Your child/ward will meet you outside the designated school gate.</p><h4>Dismissal during inclement weather (rainy days)</h4><p>Parents/guardians are to wait for your children/wards outside Gate 3 during wet weather. An announcement will be made through the Parents Gateway app. As dismissal will be staggered by level and then class, we seek your patience in waiting for your child/ward, and cooperation not to congregate prematurely along the sheltered walkway until the class being dismissed is announced.</p><h4>Guidelines on Sending and Receiving Children/Wards</h4><p>Parents/Guardians should pick up your child/ward from the designated dismissal gates at dismissal time. If you send or pick your child/ward in a vehicle, do note that the school has only one main gate for the entry and exit of vehicles. In order to ensure the safety of the pupils, the school has to minimise the frequency of vehicles entering the school. Therefore, please use the public car park next to HDB Blk 413 as there is a sheltered walkway to the school through Gate 3.</p><p>The carpark provides a 10-minute grace period for drivers for alighting. Do try to keep the alighting duration short so that other drivers can also pick up their children. Should you require more time, please park your vehicle at a parking lot.</p><h2>School Security and Safety</h2><h4>School Security and Registration at Security Post</h4><p>For security reasons, visitors should report at Security Post via the school’s Main Gate for registration.&nbsp;For verification, visitors with valid appointment(s) are allowed to report and enter school premises by the school's Security Post. Visitor(s) could contact the school general helpline at 6586 0123 to get their appointment slot before coming to school, unless requested by respective school officer.</p><p>Your Identification Card (IC) must be presented for verification before being provided a “Visitor’s Pass” from the security guards on duty.</p><p>Visitors may then proceed to the General Office to inform the school staff at the front desk for their respective appointment.</p><p><strong>Do note that the classroom blocks are out of bounds to all visitors</strong>. Therefore, you should not be moving around the school on your own and should directly report to the General Office for assistance.</p><h4>No visitor parking and restricted visiting hours and delivery during dismissal</h4><p>We seek your cooperation for visitors to avoid coming into the school premises during the dismissal timing, between 1.00 pm to 1.40 pm. Visitors could park at the nearest public parking lots located beside school (behind HDB flat block 413 beside school).</p><p>Vendor delivery vehicles will not be allowed to enter the school by security between 11.30am to 2.00pm, as well as after 4.00pm due to school bus/van movement for dismissal.</p>